feat: document DAST api scanning TAROT-3391 (#2411)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-security-and-risk.md

!!! important
    App scanning is a business feature. If you are a Codacy Pro customer, contact our customer success team to access a short trial.

The **Security and risk management > App scanning** page allows organizations to scan Web Applications and APIs for security vulnerabilities. This feature is part of Codacy's Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) capabilities, powered by ZAP.

> To access the App scanning page, go to the [overview page](#dashboard) and click the **App scanning** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the App scanning page, go to the [Overview page](#dashboard) and click the **App scanning** tab.
```

![Security and risk management app scanning page](images/security-risk-management-app-scanning.png)

> App scanning analyzes applications in runtime environments to help identify vulnerabilities such as misconfigurations, insecure authentication, or other security issues that occur in real-world usage. Because it doesn't rely on access to source code, it’s language-agnostic and useful for validating security across your entire stack. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
App scanning analyzes applications in production (or production-like) environments to help identify vulnerabilities such as misconfigurations, insecure authentication, or other security issues that occur in real-world usage. Because it doesn't rely on access to source code, it’s language-agnostic and useful for validating security across your entire stack. 
```

Codacy supports two types of scanning:

- **Web application scans** perform baseline, non-intrusive analysis. These scans are safe for production environments and detect surface-level issues such as:
  - Missing security headers
  - Insecure cookie configurations
  - Information disclosure through HTTP response headers
  - Exposure of sensitive or misconfigured files

- **API scans** simulate real-world attacks against your API endpoints. These are more aggressive and best suited for **non-production environments**, such as staging or development. API scans provide deeper insights into runtime behavior and potential vulnerabilities, such as:
  - Broken authentication or authorization controls
  - Injection vulnerabilities (SQL or command injection)
  - Exposure of sensitive data in API responses
  - Insecure CORS or HTTP method configurations

!!! note
    Already using ZAP? [Upload your results via the API.](../codacy-api/examples/uploading-dast-results.md)

## Creating an App Scanning target

> When creating a scan target, you'll be able to choose between a Web App or an API. Codacy supports scanning for:

Author: ```suggestion
When creating a scan target, you'll be able to choose between a Web App or an API.
```

- **REST APIs**, which require a publicly accessible OpenAPI specification URL.

> - **GraphQL APIs**, where the schema is inferred from the default path `{targetUrl}/graphql`.

Reviewer 2: What about webapps?

Author: ```suggestion
- **Web Apps**, which only require a target URL (ex. `https://www.domain.com`)
- **REST APIs**, which require a publicly accessible OpenAPI specification URL.
- **GraphQL APIs**, where the schema is inferred from the default path `{targetUrl}/graphql`.
```

API targets optionally support **header-based authentication**. As you create a target, keep in mind you may not be able to view or change certain fields later (to change your configurations you may need to delete and create a new target).

!!! important
    Avoid running API scans on production enviroments as our API scanners may cause potential downtime.

!!! important

>     If exposing your API specification is not feasible for your team, let us know via support or your account representative.

Author: ```suggestion
    If exposing your API specification isn't feasible for your team, let us know via support or your account representative.
```

### How to scan a target

You can initiate scans in two ways:
- From the **App scanning** tab in the Security and risk management dashboard
- By automating scans using [Codacy's API](../codacy-api/examples/triggering-dast-scans.md)

!!! important
    Only [admins and organization managers](../organizations/roles-and-permissions-for-organizations.md) can create targets and start scans, both in-app and via the API.

> [//]: <> (TODO: update video)

Author: ```suggestion
```
